Update deployment details with updated helm chart versions and values (#11601)
microsoft/FluidFramework: server/routerlicious/kubernetes/README.md

We install MongoDB and Rabbitmq from the helm stable repository. We also configure MongoDB to use the managed-premium storage class in AKS.

> `helm install --set persistence.storageClass=managed-premium,persistence.size=4094Gi,usePassword=false,image.registry=<optional-registry>,image.repository=<optional-repo-name>,image.tag=<optional-tag> wiggly-dog bitnami/mongodb`
> `helm install --set rbac.create=false,auth.username=prague,auth.password=[password],persistence.enabled=true,persistence.size=16Gi,image.registry=<optional-registry>,image.repository=<optional-repo-name>,image.tag=<optional-tag> wiggly-snake bitnami/rabbitmq`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following commands you can omit the optional key+value pairs to use the defaults defined in the Helm Chart. Also, replace the `<helm-release-name>` with the appropriate value.

`helm install --set persistence.storageClass=managed-premium,persistence.size=4094Gi,usePassword=false,image.registry=<optional-registry>,image.repository=<optional-repo-name>,image.tag=<optional-tag> <helm-release-name> bitnami/mongodb`
`helm install --set rbac.create=false,auth.username=prague,auth.password=[password],persistence.enabled=true,persistence.size=16Gi,image.registry=<optional-registry>,image.repository=<optional-repo-name>,image.tag=<optional-tag> <helm-release-name> bitnami/rabbitmq`
```

Replacing the release names with placeholders and adding some pointers. Can you add a similar note for the optional `controller.image.*` params in the Nginx docs?

Author: Thanks! And yes, I'll add a similar not in the nginx docs!
